health pos 187.txt shaving cream in a tube is just about impossible to buy at retail outlets . this is a great product and i will continue to buy it through amazon 
books neg 160.txt surely i 'm not the only one who found this book totally [bad]. the only thing it made me wonder about is how it 's possible to write such a thorougly boring book about such fascinating women . the writing is just dull and full of the author 's biases and prejudices , which just are n't nearly as interesting as the subjects themselves . it 's written in that old-school feminism ( negative , no fun ) tone that thank god feminism has since moved beyond . my advice : find another book about women mystics not filtered through flinder 's lens 
camera neg 184.txt for average people who want a camera that just works-and takes good pics you should not buy this . i do n't know about the specifics , but like other reviewers mine got stuck and quit working for no reason after a couple of months . so , i do n't really see what all the bells and whistles are for if it does n't even take a picture . it was fine while it worked , it ate batteries but the pics were good 
camera pos 907.txt this camera is easy to use and makes a good quality recording . since it is an upper end product , it does have a longer learning curve than more simple models but the effort is worth it for the added features . there are , however , a few quirks which could have been fixed to make this a much more usable piece of equipment . the provided microphone jack is an 1 / 8 " stereo . in my camera , at least , it is not mounted very securely . when i have an external mike connected , i had to be very careful to make sure that nothing touched it , otherwise , the sound would drop off . a friend with some tools and expertise fixed this problem but it should never have happened . the master switch moves from off to vcr mode ( up one ) , record to tape mode ( down one ) or record to stick mode ( down two ) . it is intuitive but very easy to overshoot the mark . this can be frustrating and i cannot help but believe there is a better design that could be used . the " vcr " controls are located on the top surface of the camera . they are intuitive and employ commonly used symbols . they are also backlit and impossible to discern in sunshine . you can see the symbols but there is no way to tell which , if any , of the functions are selected . it is still usable but it is a pain in the backside . there are a multitude of things that could be done to make the interface on this camera easier to use but it is usable as it is now .
health pos 639.txt i love these little bibs . i say little , because even though they are the size of regular cloth bibs , the big size bibsters , which i also bought , are huge , and cover my 9mo . old baby to almost past his diapers . i was reluctant to buy bibsters at first , because they seemed such a waste of material being disposable - and i guess they are- - however , they serve a good purpose in that they are extremely light and thin and fully waterproof , so that my super-drooler does n't get his outfits totally wet like he does with his cloth bibs , which i 'm frequently switching out . bibsters are also very easy to pack into the diaper bag , and i 'm never without a bib . i 've also been using the big size bibsters on my 2yr old in the car , for random snack spills . these are not really reusable , but i sometimes do use them for 2 meals , depending on how clean they are . the price was right when amazon grocery had the spend 50 get 10 dea 