books neg 20.txt this book was so different from the usual nr story . the burn scenes were too graphic and the rape scene was too graphic . if you want romance , skip this . it also seemed to take forever to get the book set up 
camera pos 281.txt i just got this camera a month ago and i am satisfied with it . it has a lot of features despite its size . and for point and shoot i can say it 's a great buy , comparable to other power packed cameras , it even takes better pictures sometimes . but i just had to give it a 4 because i thought i could do more with it . but you ca n't do much with the settings since it has it 's own default settings for certain conditions . but over all it 's a great camera . if you 're just after taking normal pictures and you want something sleek , this is definitely a good buy . 
music pos 636.txt this record is a must from the middle of the 50 's . excellent singer , very good musicians and an excellent recording . this record is still amazing and seems to sound very modern due to the quality of the recording and the mastering . i recommend this record to all rock and roll fan 
books neg 991.txt if excelsior college did n't require this for the cpne , i would take it and throw it off the highest bridge i could find . horribly confusing , does n't make sense , and i cannot fathom how this would help your clinical practice . the only redeeming feature is that excelsior does not let you write in this , so i will have a brand new copy of this for sale to some poor nursing student . i do n't mean to sound harsh , but this book is n't easy to use , it is confusing , and contradicts itself 
software pos 861.txt though it may lack some of the integrated tools of quicken or other financial software , ms money continues to be the best entry level software of its genre and the best value for the money . particularly notable is the ease of integrating it with your on-line banking tools to create a one stop shop for your financial needs 
books pos 295.txt i bought this book for my 8 and 10 year old to learn more about american history while we live abroad in europe . i was more than pleased when i began reading the stories and found that they love the book ! from the lewis & clark expedition to pac man , the stories are interesting and succinct enough to hold my kids ' interest . 
music neg 241.txt i bought this album because i loved the title song . it 's such a great song , how bad can the rest of the album be , right ? well , the rest of the songs are just filler and are n't worth the money i paid for this . it 's either shameless bubblegum or oversentimentalized depressing tripe . kenny chesney is a popular artist and as a result he is in the cookie cutter category of the nashville music scene . he 's gotta pump out the albums so the record company can keep lining their pockets while the suckers out there keep buying this garbage to perpetuate more garbage coming out of that town . i 'll get down off my soapbox now . but country music really needs to get back to it 's roots and stop this pop nonsense . what country music really is and what it is considered to be by mainstream are two different things . 
music neg 544.txt i was misled and thought i was buying the entire cd and it contains one song 
books neg 729.txt i have introduced many of my ell , high school students to lois lowery and the depth of her characters . she is a brilliant writer and capable of inspiring fierce passion in her readers as they encounter shocking details of her utopian worlds . i was anxious to read this companion novel and had planned to share it with my class this january . although the series is written for 6th graders and older , this book 's simplicity , in its message , language and writing style will inspire no one . i am sadly disappointed 
books pos 278.txt anything you purchase in the left behind series is an excellent read . these books are great and very close to the bible . i have the entire set . amazon is a great shopping site and they ship fast . i would recommend these to any christian wanting to know about what to expect during the return of christ ! they are fiction but still makes a good point 
dvd pos 840.txt i loved these movies , and i cant wiat for the third one ! very funny , not suitable for chilren 
camera neg 715.txt in my experience , this camera takes great pictures , but the zoom lens is so delicate that it breaks easily . it stops extending and just makes a clicking noise . this happened to me when the camera accidentally turned on while in my pants pocket rendering the camera unusable . my brother and two of my friends experienced a similar problem with their ex-s500 after they accidentally dropped the camera while the lens was extended . i would recommend looking into another camera that is not so delicate 
books neg 120.txt first off i 'd like to tell you that this is only the second star wars book i 've ever read , ' jedi search ' being the first . i actually liked the first book , it drew upon the star wars lore well and was a decent read . however , this book made me groan in so many places that i felt almost compelled to create an account here to have a little rant about it ( be warned , this may contain a few spoilers ) . thusly : how much of the book was wasted with overly long descriptions ? it reminds me of a ' little britain ' sketch where a woman author is dictating her new book and starts reading the bible out to make up the space ! i do n't mind the story being 20-odd pages shorter if it comes to the point ! for some bizarre reason the author seems to have taken every opportunity to ' ground ' the story by constantly relating to the star wars films . for example , when wedge and the scientist go to that forest-resort planet and meet the alien ambassador there , he says something along the lines of : i was actually in the cantina in mos eisley when luke met han and chewbacca , little did i know the brush i had with history there... . gahhhhhhh ! ! ! why ! ? how did he know ! ? it did n't need it ! ! *bangs head on desk* he does this throughout the two books i 've read so far ! ! how about the will to stick your own neck out and come up with something new without ' proving ' that it 's true by telling the readers that it was from a certain scene in one of the films ? then there 's admiral daala . made an admiral because of her brilliant military skills and quick thinking... . so what is she doing in this ? she 's reviewing recordings of speeches given by tarkin over military tactics and following them to the letter and losing ! it 's only the end of the second book and she 's down to 1 star destroyer ! she should live up to her reputation and at least have a few successful campaigns before the inevitable happens . ( i.e. the rebellion win ) he then goes on to waste an absolutely brilliant idea , that of having a jedi academy ( the point of the trilogy ! ) . there 's so much that could have been done here - new and original training for the jedi , but no - he has the jedi go two-by-two into the forest ( holding hands ? ) to *sense* things.. . it 's meant to be a sci-fi series ! something could have been done to make this so much better ! i was incensed to find that luke was actually made ' boring ' in this book . part of my motivation for starting to read the series in the first place was to see how luke had grown . it all started very promisingly in the first book , having learnt that luke had turned to the dark side and come through it all with the love of his friends and was now more powerful than ever ! ( cool ! i thought ) . it got to the stage where i 'd dread coming back to the jedi parts of the story because he was so dull . the other trainee jedi needed serious character development ( they were 1 dimensional ! ) - entering every scene with luke surveying them noting how well they were progressing just was n't good enough . as other reviewers have said - one of his students goes rogue , somehow gains the knowledge of building a super-lightsabre ( great idea btw ! ! we need more of that ! ) then is discovered burnt to death in his quarters.. . and luke just meditates about it ! ? *grr* okay all that being said it was ' okay ' and on the strength of the first book i will be reading the next book ( it 's like a car accident - you 've just got to look ! ) . 
health pos 80.txt this is a very good shaver for the private area . however , the key to getting the best results is to trim the longer hairs with scissors or the largest guard first . this will keep the shaver from pulling on the longer hairs and will enable the foil part of the shaver to work . the foil will not be able to do its job if the hairs are too long . the only problem i had with the shaver was that it did not enable me to shave my back like it claimed . however , i use the ' mangroomer ' back shaver for this and it is perfect for you to shave off all your back hair easily with its elongated handle . it is a great product as well . therefore , i would have to say these two products coupled together seem to cover all the bases for men 's grooming on the body . i would highly recommend both of them for perfect manscaping results 
books neg 816.txt not even worth finishing this book ! this author does not know enough to even write this book ! i have personal connections with blackwater and i know not one of the employees is even close to what he makes them out to be . it is a one sided story not based on facts , which it what most writers do , but purely fiction ! the only few misfortunes blackwater has had is what he bases his book on , not the postive stories that i hear about everyday . do n't waste your money 
books pos 904.txt if you 're intimidated by tolstoy or dostoevsky 's long masterpieces , consider starting instead with turgenev 's " fathers and sons . " this book is of course a masterpiece of russian literature . it 's characters and themes are timeless and absolutely relatable to our modern culture . this is a story of family relationships , romance , and philosophy . highly recommended . p.s. when you 're done here , try " war and peace " or at least " crime and punishment . 
dvd pos 490.txt martin short is priceless in this movie - i enjoyed every minute . 
books neg 272.txt as a certified information systems security professional , i can definitively state that this book does not cover everything that needs to be covered or in any depth whatsoever . i got this book based on the glowing reviews i found here , and i 'm at a loss as to why these reviews would have recommended it . the most aggrevating part about this book is the subtitle " an integrated approach to security in the organization . " the book not only lacks effective security integration techniques , it does n't seem to address the entire organization where it tries its half-hearted integration . 
health pos 153.txt i just got my first case of this fabric softener last week and yesterday , i was walking downstairs when the smell of lavender hit me - i was surprised because i had n't sprayed any lavender freshener in the air , when i realized that my boyfriend was doing a load of laundry . like seventh generation 's lavender laundry detergent , i love this product - if you use them in tandem , not only do your clothes smell like *real* lavender ( not the chemically-based smells of mainstream products ) , but they come out clean and soft . i especially like the lavender smell for my sheets and blankets and it 's gentle enough to use on my baby 's clothes , too ! i love that it 's made with natural products and real lavender essential oil . it 's also safe for my septic system , so i 'm sold on this product . if you 're sensitive to the chemical-based scents of the mainstream fabric softeners or ca n't find one that smells good to you , try this one ! 
music neg 204.txt generally harmless , except for one very offensive song about siblings that hate each other and hate their parents . the song is probably funny to ultra-sophisticated , cynical adults . but the song is totally inappropriate for a four year old . i would n't bring this cd into your house 
health neg 309.txt i like the idea , but the slippers just are n't comfortable to stand on . it 's great while you are sitting , though 
camera neg 766.txt the s9000 fits perfectly in the case . too bad the case has no strap and no belt loop . apparently , the camera strap is supposed to function as the case strap also . too bad the camera strap is extremely short , made for very small people . so , instead of returning it and using a generic case that would not protectthe camera as well , i will adapt the case to work for me . i will get a bigger aftermarket strap for the camera . i can take the case to my seamstress and have a belt loop sewn on . it will work but only after extensive modification . great camera design so it 's odd that the case appears to have been designed by someone who has never used a camera before 
camera pos 859.txt outstanding camera in every respect . i 've owned several digital cameras in recent years ( sony & nikon ) . the n2 's giant 3 " lcd , the touch screen features , lens optics , and overall ease of use top any of my previous cameras . i use it for both land and underwater photography and it performs flawlessly . good job sony 
camera neg 239.txt my cannon died the day before my daughters birthday so i ran out and tried a bunch of cameras in the morning and bought one . although this camera is 6 mp , my 3.0 cannon took much clearer pictures . i have had this camera for 9 months and i am sending it in for the second time for repair . first the power button stopped working , and then on easter ( something about holidays ) all of the functions of the buttons switched . when i pushed delete , the menu came up . even the mode selector was n't working . it was reviewing the pictures in all three modes . i will say that sony support online is very helpful , but i need something more reliable . i am done with this camera 
camera pos 563.txt i got this for my mom when i got the digital frame for my husband it is very easy to download pictures on and she can show off all of her grandbabies this is an awsome gift for anyone the color and pictures are great 
camera pos 6.txt i believe this is one of the best lens for about $1000. forget about zoom lenses even if they are l . this lens is far better than 70-200l in my opinion . it is very sharp at f2 and even more sharp at f2.5. with zoom lenses you have to set to f / 5.6 for better result and f / 8 to match this lens . it is very well built but not excessive heavy , come with hood and bag , but unfortunately , canon have decided to remove the hard cases for all the l lenses . combined with a tamron 1.4x teleconverter this lens provide very good optical quality on par with any zoom l lenses at 189mm focal length . yes i know i lost the convenience of a 70-200 zoom lens . but i am really happy that i decide to change the plan of buying a 70-200is to 135 / 2l+1.4x . this not only saves me the money but also let me to get better pictures , especially at wide open . better portrait lenses , like 200 / 1.8 and 300 / 2.8 , would cost several thousands of dollars . trust me , once you play with primes , you will not like zoom anymore . i am also using a 24-70l to shoot my small kid . after using this lens , i do n't like it anymore and thinking about change to primes someday , the only reason preventing me doing that is the 1.6x crop factor of digital camera . a 35mm / 1.4l will become 56mm which is really not good . order from amazon with free shipping even though it says not in stock . they shipped mine in 2 days and this happened before even though item stated " in stock soon " . pros : very sharp at f2 and super sharp start from f2.5. very fast lens with f / 2 very good bokeh ( background blurring ) . overall extremely good picture quality with good contrast / color . smaller size , less weight and black color compare to those white 70-200s . it is a l lens : best build quality , fast / quiet ring usm af with ftm . cons : no hard case . no inexpensive . effective focal length is 216mm on 10d / 20d / rebel / 300d which is a little difficult to use for portrait 
music pos 233.txt low tech and brilliant , music that seems to have channeled zappa , winchester cathedral , and god knows what else . incredibly funny , and then suddenly sad . mr pink is a genius , you betcha . and he explains what it is and how it is to live here in this strange quasi-city in the shadow of the industry , in the curiously full and fun wasteland of other people 's dreams 
books neg 598.txt easily the worst textbook i encountered during my undergraduate years . unfocused , sparse , and almost completely lacking example problems . riggs touches briefly on lots of topics and treats none of them completely , leaving the reader lacking any notion of how process control actually works in real life . i 'm not a big fan of the book by seborg et al . either , but if you have to choose between the two , go with seborg 
software pos 439.txt our photo and video editing softwares were both very basic and " old " , so we decided to upgrade a couple of months ago . after reading many reviews on different bundles , we decided to get the adobe photoshop elements 5.0 premiere elements 3.0 bundle . we 've played around with the premiere elements a bit , and it 's really awesome . much better than the pinnacle studio 8 we had before . all the basic functions are easy to use and very intuitive , though we have n't gone and figured out the more advanced features yet . the photoshop elements is a wonderful tool , as well . we recently had to scan in a lot of old pictures ( as in 20+ year old b / w photographs ) . they needed a lot of touching up , and elements 5.0 worked wonderfully for that . i could adjust the lighting and sharpening , fix the colors and scratches , and the pictures turned out amazing . you 'd never be able to tell they were scanned images from such old photographs . the program is also very intuitive . i could do all the things i wanted to do without having to read the manual . of course , i 'm still just touching on the surface of what all is possible , and i plan on reading the manual and studying the program in more detail once i have the time to do so , but for what i need right now , it 's easy to use and does a good job . there are only two things i have to comment on that i do n't like about the adobe bundle , and they are the reason why i 'm giving 4 stars instead of 5. 1. the stated minimum requirements for this bundle are 512mb ram . that 's what we had on our computer , and while the program worked , it was so painfully slow that it was n't feasible to really use it . we ended up upgrading to 1gb , and it 's been working great since . so if you have less than 1gb ram , make sure you upgrade before getting this software ! 2. the red-eye fix in photoshop elements , or lack thereof . there is an auto red-eye fix , but it does n't work very well . it finds red eyes in all kinds of places , just not where they actually are . sometimes it covers half the face , sometimes only half of the eye , etc. etc. etc. there is an option to manually show the program where the red eye is , but it still does n't work right . maybe there 's another trick i have n't found out about yet , but as of right now , i usually give the fix tool a shot , and if it does n't work i take the picture back into my old editing software and fix the red eye there . i 'm really very disappointed with this , as fixing red eyes is something you have to do quite frequently when editing pictures . overall , the software has been very easy and fun to work with , even for an amateur like me . :o ) if adobe can adjust the minimum requirements recommendation and fix the red-eye fix tool , it 's going to definitely deserve 5 points 
camera neg 247.txt i just got this camera a week ago and thought it was great . but today i tried to turn it on and it 's completely dead ! i even changed out the batteries and it 's still completely dead . this is the first digital camera i 've had and i bought it because i 'm going to europe ( two days after it died ) . now i have to scramble to get a replacement before i take off . grrrrr ! ! 
software pos 604.txt inport , excellent job , i love the product and would highly recommend it to anyone . i 've had several hundred lps sitting in boxes in the basement for years and now i 'm rediscovering that music all over again as i transfer the lps to the digital age . the quality of the transfer is very good ( imo ) . for example , i was playing back so . central rain ( early rem ) in itunes and noticed that i had purchased the song on itunes about a year ago . except for an opening click on the lp version , its very hard to tell the difference between the two . my only minor negative ( or really , feature request ) would be for lpripper to somehow integrate and automate song titles from the albums so that i do n't have to type them all in . 
health pos 813.txt this is the longest period of time that my husband has kept a pair of reading glasses . the click readers loop around his neck and are always there when he needs them . he gets lots of comments about how neat they are 
health neg 590.txt it was so so , and didnt see any real results . but it was definently better than tend skin or mi 
software pos 265.txt as prommised , new in box . shipped immediately . excellent price , good service and good first experience 
books neg 508.txt i 'm a wiccan who formally practices within a traditional gardnerian coven , but practices eclectically within my private practice . i read this book because i had heard that it was recommended to my local library by a christian ; purportedly , wicca 's charm was written by an impartial writer . immediately , you realize that this is n't true . catherine sanders has a clearly stated agenda : that wiccans are simply misguided and misunderstand that what they long for is offered by christianity . i could write a long review debating the merits of sanders ' arguments . instead , i suggest that you consider this if deciding whether to read this book which sanders claims to have thoroughly researched . she relies on the writings of margot adler , carol christ , starhawk and phyllis curott ( with barely a nod to scott cunningham and ronald hutton ) to draw many of her conclusions . yet , missing from her notes are such writers as the farrars , merlin stone , raymond buckland , isaac bonewits , patricia crowley , and the matthews , to name just a few outstanding contributors to neopaganism 's base of knowledge . too often , sanders relies on the statements of young wiccans she interviewed who come across as silly and naive . in another case , she bases her thesis that women 's spirituality ( e.g. , goddess worship ) is misguided and that christianity fits the same spiritual needs that women are seeking via one speech that she heard margot adler give shortly after 9 / 11. sanders requests both christians and neopagans to read her book with an open mind . a fair request . but as you 're reading , closely check out her endnotes and analyze for yourself if this book was truly researched with objectivity in mind , or whether sanders limited herself to sources that would support her belief that christianity has everything that a wiccan desires . one needs to go no further than to consider that as sanders attempts to persuade the reader that christianity has always embraced the value of women that not once does she analyze the epistles of paul . 
music neg 132.txt i ca n't beleive this guy 's arrogance to try and re-record songs that are essentially and always will be sinatra 's domain . any idiot will tell you that once sinatra got hold of a song it was and always will be identified with him . fact . ask tony bennett or any other great singers and they will tell you . sinatra is the voice and then this upstart thinks he can do better . not only does he murder ' a very good year ' but also attempts ( badly ) ' mr . bojangles ' even attempting to ape sammy davis 's mannerisms . i had the misfortune to hear this once and came to the conclusion that is was a ) a joke or b ) a blantant attempt by williams to crossover to boarder appeal . now i see it actually meant it . robbie you will never be able to sing standards and please do n't attempt the rodgers and hart songbook ( though i suspect you will if your latest album bombs ) your voice is flat most of the time and your attempts to look cool on the cover ca n't cover up your mediocrity . the only time i 'd like to see you swing is from a lamppost . stick with ' songs for swinging lovers''come fly with me ' to hear the real thing . an insult to classic songs 
dvd pos 201.txt i am a huge muppet fan , and was very excited to have the opportunity to get a newer , remastered version of this classic . while the quality is not too much better than the original dvd release , it is definitely worth adding to your collection , especially if you do n't have any version of the movie yet ! 
music pos 82.txt i had originally heard " drive away " on a radio station and i was instantly blown away . upon seeing the music video for it , i decided to buy the cd . i was hardly disappointed . the emotion that goes into the cd is amazing and it 's definitly a cd to sit down and enjoy . i saw the band in concert and met jonah after the show and was amazed by how down to earth he was . give gratitude a chance and you wo n't be disappointed . 
music neg 113.txt anyone ever see any of these rap " artists " perform live ? they 're the most boring , derivative " entertainers " in the world . they walk up and down the stage grabbing their crotch and yell their lyrics . they go from talking on records to yelling on stage . quite a stretch . all this is done with about thirty of their no-name friends prancing around stage with microphones saying " yeah ! " " uh-huh ! " " what ! " " that 's right ! " " uh ! " etc. get real . meanwhile , the only " music " provided is a backing track cued by some dude backstage . it makes for the most dull , predictable " concert " you 'll ever see . i ca n't wait until all this nonsense just disappears . in a world of common sense , these idiots would still be flipping burgers at mcdonald's . 
books pos 830.txt started out a bit slow and built into a real action packed thriller . several times i found myself saying , " oh yuk ! " nevertheless the story line was fabulously interesting and you 'll fall in love especially with thomas , a down syndrome young man with a special gift . this is another great story by koontz . 
camera pos 147.txt i got this camera for my 17th birthday last summer , and it 's great . as much as i 'd love to have a canon powershot , it 's a bit out of my price range . all the people who think that using the lcd screen runs out the batteries after & quot ; 2-4 pictures&quot ; are lying to you . i bought rechargable batteries from radioshack , and i 've taken up to 400 picture without the batteries needing to be changed . this is a good camera with good quality in good lighting . in dark or overcast situations , it can look a bit grainy , but that 's easily photoshopped . i recommend that when uploading , plug it into the wall with a digital camera adapter , because uploading sucks all battery power right out . i recommend this for someone who has n't owned a digital camera before , or for someone that wants good quality at a not-so-crazy price 
music neg 140.txt i 've always seen sheryl crow as a middle-of-the-road rock artist . my wife and i got a couple of her disc 's , plus that " very best of " cd and was really looking forward to her latest , but this one...zzzzzzzz , makes me wonder what they 're putting in sheryl 's coffee . some reviewers are saying there 's " heart and soul " all over this album ? that may be , but it 's also very slick dullsville stuff too . as for the album cover graphics , i do n't see the roger dean yes covers or the 60 's style psychedelia like one reviewer wrote , but a very " modern " graphic art that lots of artists and bands have been using . kelly clarkson , the vines , the donnas , the list goes on . highlights : good is good ( i guess it 's time for a new " very best of " collection ) 
camera pos 315.txt i mainly bought this to go on the end of the lens adapter for the s2 is . it does well to protect the lens , but you ca n't put a lens cap over it . it ends up being easier to use without the lens cap...and quicker when taking pictures . the pictures are very good through it 
books neg 981.txt i was extremely disappointed with " after midnight " . the author , his widow , has written the book from her own life 's perspective , and there is sadly little about the true brad davis . his homosexuality , or perhaps bisexuality , is mentioned only in passing , and anyone in new york or hollywood that knew him will tell you that this was a huge part of his life . i guess a book written by his wife ca n't be expected to delve too deeply into this area , but even other interesting details - his drug addiction , his acting technique , etc. are only minimally suggested here . i wanted to put the book down after two chapters , but kept waiting for it to get interesting . i suggest the publishers retitle the book " my life with brad davis - the saga of a wife kept in the dark " , or something similar , to indicate to readers that this book is about susan bluestein , and tells very little about brad 
books neg 89.txt it all depends on who you are if you will like this book . republicans will like it but democrats or people with brains won't . 
camera neg 530.txt i own several great digital cameras . it seems like i get one for each use - one with good zoom , another camera for its good flash use in lowlight and others . this one i wanted for the high mp in a small compact size that i can put into my pocket . the first few photos were great , taken outdoors in my sunny patio . then every picture i took after that ( same settings - fine , hq , poster 10m etc.. . and vertical lines started showing on the lcd screen and the pictures were all washed out . when i download them on the computer , they look exactly that way too - with the lines and almost all white . i 've played around with the settings ( and i do know how to work them ) but still it does the same . so time to return to find a better one . that 's too bad since i read some good reviews and wanted to have it 
health neg 998.txt did not work at all . i used cheaper products that i bought from walgreens and walmart that reduced the razor bumps but not completely eliminate them . since princereigns promised to be a miracle product , i bought it in hopes of completely eliminating the bumps but it did't even reduce them . complete waste of money 
camera pos 678.txt this is a good battery and lasts for a long time . good value 
camera pos 755.txt this 10-20mm lens is equivalent to a 15-30mm in a 35mm film camera , so it 's an ultra-wide lens at 10mm . i was pleasantly surprised at how sharp the images are from this lens ; and it 's rectilinear , which means that straight lines in real life remain straight in the photograph . it is a well-made lens , made with high-grade materials . what this lens excels at is when you want to photograph sweeping landscapes , close-quarters interior photography , and in architectural photography where you do n't mind the exaggerated converging lines that an ultrawide produces . personally , that 's what i like , so i 'm very happy with this sigma 10-20mm 
dvd neg 400.txt i had high hopes for this series when i started watching it , though i guess the nonstop obscenities should have been the tip off that under all of that visual masterwork and spiritually stunning characterizations there lurked an twisted message that wasted ten hours of my life to discover . shandala is truly a wonderful character , pure and good , and the characterization of her is very tender , so by episode 21 or so the storyline actually looked like it could end hopeful and uplifting . oh , how wrong of me to think so , because for all of the philosophical and religious trappings , the message of " hope " the marketers promise is that the characters learn in the end that the villain 's demented plan to save the world is really more effective than their spiritualities and that the " truth " is that the emotional and physical torture and destruction of an innocent , good woman is the only way to save the world ! spare me . and if you think that i am disgusted by this message , just imagine what the muslims will think when they see what becomes of all of that quoting of the koran and the muslim character 's final opinions . although the story is technically good , i 'm only giving it one star for the message of despair . 
books neg 469.txt i truly wanted to like this book . after years of avoidance i had just finished moby dick and found it not only more readable than i 'd feared but downright enjoyable . in addition i 'd heard nothing but good things about this novel whose premise certainly intrigued me , and like its predecessor it has one of the truly great opening lines in literature : " captain ahab was neither my first husband nor my last . " alas , it was all down hill from there ; overall this is one of the worst books i 've ever forced myself to finish . this came as quite a surprise because the author is no untalented hack . author of two other published novels and a short story collection , director of a university level creative writing program , long-term teacher of writing , and holder of a ph.d . in same , all to considerable critical acclaim , she should be correcting and grading ( failing ) garbage like this not producing it . so what went wrong ? how did this novel end up so awful ? the answer is brick by brick and piece by piece . there is no one great thing wrong with it but rather a lot of little things . length : if " brevity is the soul of wit " , this novel 's witlessness is easily explained . at 666 pages ( interesting number that ) this novel is about three times as long as it should have been . it would seem that , to some extent like melville before her , naslund confused length with importance , but melville was a lot more skilled at padding than she is . imho this desire to fill too many pages made many of the other problems worse by allowing naslund both to go into unnecessary detail about things no one else cares about and to repeat herself to the point of self-parody . somewhere under the barnacle encrustations may be the finely lined hull of a short novel , but this was a manuscript desperately in need of editing.. . with a meat axe or a chainsaw . the name dropping : one of the pleasures of any historical novel is the encounters between fictional characters and historical figures , but if badly handled these encounters can un-suspend disbelief and downright offend . they are badly handled here . an almost uneducated hick from the backwoods of kentucky encounters by chance a significant number of the thoughtful elites of mid-nineteenth century new england and those she does n't utterly charm with her brilliance and erudition she gets the better of as in her unintentionally hilarious encounter with naslund 's peculiar imagining of nathaniel hawthorne . one or two of these , developed at greater length could have added to the verisimilitude . as it is , it is a zelig or a forrest gump without the humor ( or the self-awareness ) . the politics : even the most conservative readers would probably find the popular views of a majority of mid-nineteenth century new englanders a bit disconcerting if espoused straight in a modern novel , so a certain amount of modernizing would be appropriate just to reduce the cringing . however , naslund takes this to the opposite extreme by having una espouse the politically correct view on every single controversy of the day ( and some that only exist in our significantly sillier day ) from slavery to whaling , from feminism to free love , from homosexuality to sensitivity towards the differently abled , all without consequence or even criticism . this latter is the most offputting because to have actually championed such views back then would have taken considerable courage whatever one thinks of the ideas themselves . una espouses them with all the negative consequences that naslund receives for espousing them today , which is to say : none . the anti-christian bigotry : there is nothing so very wrong with characters in a mid-nineteenth century novel exhibiting agnosticism or atheism as both views were gaining more and more credence at the time , but it is downright silly to suggest that such views would have been widely accepted . it is even sillier to portray christianity as something confined exclusively to the foolish , the bigoted , the future apostate , or the mentally ill . it tells us more about the author than anything else that una is openminded towards every religious and quasi-religious idea of the time except christianity . the farfetched scenarios : i sensed the novel was in trouble during the opening scene in which una loses both her mother and her baby but manages to withstand this blow by making friends with a runaway slave with whom she has a quasi-lesbian encounter... . after this the novel goes into flashback and becomes unrealistic . after her crazy christian father threatens to kill her ( a sentiment the reader will come to know and understand ) , una is raised in a lighthouse by her ludicrously liberal-minded aunt and uncle , encounters two young men who both fall in love with her , disguises herself as a cabin boy and sails on the same whaler with them , successfully avoids detection , is sunk by a whale , survives by committing cannibalism , marries the surviving young man after he goes insane , and is abandoned by him after he goes to live with the indians , leaving her free to " marry " captain ahab ( una never really " marries " anybody but of course nobody ever criticizes ) . things do n't get more realistic in the second half , which includes una 's clever and successful investment in the crazy newfangled idea of obtaining oil from the ground instead of from a whale . riiiight . the mary sue : however , the absolute worst thing about this novel is the fact that it is a " mary sue " that peculiarity of fan fiction in which a laughably idealized and practically perfect in every way alter ego of the author fulfills some basic psychological need while inducing a combination of anger and nausea in the reader . a more realistic main character might have saved it . una never learns anything from her life 's too-many-to-be-believed experiences because she already knows everything . she does n't change because she is already perfect . she does n't have to deal with the criticism of others because she does n't receive any , and she does n't have to beg the forgiveness of those she has wronged because they forgive her so easily and besides , una had her reasons ( and they were very good ones you can be sure ) . the only thing i can figure is that her publisher approved this book on concept alone without anyone ever reading it . i feel like i 've just waded through the inept scribbling of a delusional teenage girl who insists on rereading moby dick in her bedroom.. . with the door locked . 
music neg 628.txt imagine buying this cd after seeing " the mirror has two faces " fully expecting the soundtrack music to the movie , and reading overall great reviews on amazon . imagine the shock of receiving the cd and the surprise of hearing 20 brief cuts of plain instrumental music out of the 24 cuts - the remaining 4 cuts contained very short lines of verse . perhaps barbara , with her tremendous unlimited wealth , felt she would be giving away a " free album " to the masses if the soundtrack contained the vocals in the film . shameless misrepresentation 
health neg 557.txt the reviewer who compared the massage feature to that of a cell phone perhaps said it best , so suffice it to say that one can essentially ignore that aspect of the unit [i might even liken the vibrations to those of an injured ( and no longer airborne ) housefly buzzing in circles]. with respect to the heat ( ing ) , it does perform better , but is by no means stellar . the pro 's are its design for moisture , a better-than-average fabric / material - which holds its shape fairly well and the auto shut-off . the con 's include , as others have said , a huge ac-dc plug / power pack , no apparent ability to wash the darn thing , only modest heat , annoying velcro straps , a two-part power cord that not only must be taped to keep together , but ca n't be removed from the main pad for washing and , perhaps most significantly , the fact that mine died after approx . 18 months ( which , incidentally , raises yet another detractor ; the warranty is only a year , much less than many other brands ) 
music neg 810.txt mindless jock rock masterminded by a dope fiend . this kind of crap could n't even sell a can of coke these days . choreographed crunches of noise as lame as a crackhead on crutches . i hear scott weiland kept a billy goat in his trailer during the making of this snoozer - - and that when recording was all done the goat was nowhere to be found , but scotty was sporting a fresh new goatie 
health pos 750.txt i first used this product when i got a straight razor shave in a men 's salon awhile back . it really made for a smooth shave , which you definitely need when getting a straight razor shave . by the way , i do n't recommend getting a straight razor shave on your wedding day as i foolishly did . your face will be very sore . it took me 10 years before i got another straight razor shave , and i hated it as much as the first time . i 'll never get another . however , this oil product made the shave tolerable , and it makes daily shaving fantastic . this combined with the aftershave moisturizer makes for an incredible shave . it 's amazing how soft your skin feels afterward . buy the oil and the moisturizing aftershave , and you wo n't be disappointed 
dvd pos 25.txt feeding the cat...those girls shold put on a sweater . love this movie , 50 's detective noir set in 70 's california . the beach , the hospital , mexico , the supermarket , it 's all great - and the theme song keeps going throughout over and over . final scene pays homage to the third man , beautiful . a bit of violence , but " that 's how i treat someone i love , and i do n't even like you " . never seen an elliot gould movie i like more than this , & it 's my favorite altman as well 
music neg 468.txt yes yes we all know the mega hit when i see you smile . but it would be unfair to put this album into the one hit wonder basket and instead review it as a whole . the band hits gear pretty early with best of what i got but after that it 's pretty bad . how possession ever became a hit i 've not idea . well , where i come from it did n't , but in the us this mob had a string of soppy power ballad hits . the production is good but the fire goes out for most of the album . neil schon is a great guitarist but it was the late 80 's and the guy obviously knew what he had to do for a decent paycheck . besides , he probably wanted some revenge on steve perry so he really wanted to make some cash . pity , listen to some of the guitar licks here and there is a decent hard rock album in the man . rockin ' horse for example . an interesting additin to the aor landscape , and some of the music is lively . but when the whole thing has as much heft as a lettuce leaf it just does n't get my vote . even my devoted aor fan girlfriend of the time only liked the one track ( we all know which one ) . but hey , if aor is your bag you could do a lot worse 
health pos 735.txt this is a truly amazing deal from amazon , where i also received free priority mail shipping . the photo does not display all that you will get . you will receive 6 boxes of q-tips cotton swabs , totaling an ammazing 3 , 500 q-tips in all . i will never ever have to purchase another q-tip as long as i live ! ! ! ! ! what a fantastic deal from amazon ! 
dvd neg 260.txt i saw this movie and was shocked at the contents , considering that it was aimed at children . it starts out with the gypsy esmeralda doing a very provocative stripper style pole dance . while no stripping happened , there was n't much other difference in the style of dance . later in the movie , one of the men is obsessing over her in a manner i would never want my children to see . he sings a song about how she will burn in hell if he does n't have her , and meanwhile a vision of her provocative dancing is playing out in the flames of a fire . regardless of the rest of the movie , these two scenes make this highly innapropriate for children . not to mention that the story is very untrue to the novel , which had a tragic ending rather than a happy ever after one . 
books pos 750.txt as a 6th grader i think i had this book permanently checked out of my school 's library for the entire year . great adventure and suspense , a fascinating look into another culture , an extraordinarily brave girl and her love for her dog , and a deeply satisfying ending - - a perfect combination . i 'm so glad it 's still in print 
software pos 839.txt i bought this and i think it is a very good game but , i can not really continue the game because i lose money trying to get some by doing the 5 things . i am going to keep on trying to finish the game . if you are really good at solving games and love horse i would get this game . and anyone can try it and if you keep on trying it you can win the game 
camera pos 512.txt picked up a bushnell yardage pro 1000 laser rangefinder used online at another site for alittle less than half the new price . works very good and was worth every penny i spent on it . easily ranged objects and animals well past 800 yards . 
software pos 706.txt first i would like to state that sooner or later every computer user will come in contact with some problem with an internet security program . they are human made and not 100% fault proof . i study and work in the it field and was first introduced to pc-cillin through trend micro 's product housecall . soon after i tried out the trial and have finally bought the product . i love it ! i have used several of the other " major " anti-virus suites available and have had tons of problems with them . mcafee after one uninstall had bedded itself so far into the computer that i had to completely reformat the pc to gain functionality again . norton to say was n't much better . if you are installing on a " clean " pc where these other software suites have not been , i have not had a problem . i have installed / uninstalled pc-cillin many times each time running smoothly . the software has been a valuable asset protecting my pcs by alerting me to virus threats and even hacking threats that were not even on my network but on my isps network . as well as protecting my network from one single computer that received a virus by shutting off traffic to that pc . i can understand where some of the other problems reported with this software may occur if the person a beginning user or just unfamiliar with the framework of the software . but if you already have some experience in how to set this type of software up i really do recommend you give pc-cillin a try . it is a sleak program , easy to install , easy to customize , and really goes above and beyond with alerting you to possible risks and threats . with all its competitors out there i would choose pc-cillin over the rest any day of the week 
camera neg 726.txt i bought this camera and it took great pictures above water , but none of the pictures i took underwater turned out . i looked at the negatives and it was like i never even clicked the shutter . the negatives were blank where i took the underwater pictures 
music pos 597.txt if you like late 60s british rock-psych , tough-not-fey production / vibe , white-soulful vox , and mixing electric / acoustic elements ( think : a cross among beatles + zombies + traffic + small faces , even a lil ' byrds feel occasionally ) , you shimply musht try rolled gold , which compares to the cream of these groups ' output ! ! - " the ac-who - " ! ? you might well say.. . 'where have they been all our life ? ' ; ' a gem beyond price has languished all these years unsavored , ' we repeat nearly speechless . not since our belated introductions to moondog...skip bifferty...billy nicholls...stones ' " metamorphosis " ...dantalian 's vehicule.. . it can easily be yours . we very rarely care to replay any c.d. over and over but this one warrants such : well-crafted blend of nonchalance poetry and passion , delicacy and yarbles , hooks and chops and pacing and songs up there with the legends . the news that this cohesive album was only demo's * ( ' haps fortuitous in retrovision ) catapults one 's estimation higher still . singer reg king : on rolled 's strength his visage deserves a spot on some rushmore-in-avalon alongside fellow soulful brits winwood / marriott / reid / lloyd / stewart.. . : just hoarse enough / just sweet enough ( + a ' secret' : optimal use throughout of unison doubletracking ) ...perfection . rolled gold 's production is on the raw / monoish / hotly-compressed side- - a flute / piano occasionally to augment the basic guitar quartet formula & keep things unexpected- - suiting the songs & performances to a tee ( just to offer another clue to their magic brew ) . homey 's in no way related to any bandmember. . 
software neg 307.txt i 've been using a mac for the last 10+ years and i had assumed that windows had gotten better since win 94. boy was i wrong . it amazes me that the entire world runs on this awful excuse for an os . 
camera pos 826.txt my sony fx1 has great low light capability , 3 lux , but eventually you will need extra light . using your software to lighten dark shots will likely reveal some degree of graininess , no matter which camera you use . i 'm so glad i bought it . used it for my birthday party . though the overhead light was good , dark corners of the room require more light . if you consider yourself advanced , semi-pro , or a pro videographer , you must have a light . my only major beef is it runs at either 10 or 20 watts . no variable for 5 , or 15. it is worth getting a long life battery like the np-970. independent power source ( battery ) is a plus . but no outlet plug adaptor that i know of 
health neg 906.txt every time we used this scale it gave a drastically different weight . we returned it to amazon , probably the first time we 've ever had to do that . for the price it should at least work . also , in only the 4 days we had it a large chip came off the corner . it earns two stars for looking great . i would not recommend it . 
health pos 476.txt i bought this for my boyfriend . i needed something affordable , and this was it . the bubble machine is quiet , and the warmth of the water lasts for a pretty long time . the only complaint i have are the warnings it has . it just gets me uneasy and that something drastic might happen if i make a mistake . well other than that , this product is good . i 've had it for i think a couple of months now , and nothing awful has happened and it 's still working fine . : 
software pos 871.txt as a beta user i assure you that this will make your life easier by not having to stock a lot of forms from the court 
camera pos 726.txt combine the high iso , low noise and fast shutter speed for great blur free shots on low light and moving subjects . this is what only fuji can offer to you on compact camera class . the f31fd does n't have is ( image stabilized lenses or a ccd shift sensor ) , which other cameras use to reduce the effect of blur from camera shaking . but this kind of stabilization is really only useful for 6x or more zoom , for just 3x typical zoom on ultra compact p&s you just need to hold it firmly and will get the same results . is also ca n't prevent blur from moving subjects . with a high iso like on f31fd you can use faster shutter speeds that will freeze subjects and prevent blur from camera shaking too . fuji super ccd sensor provides the lowest noise on high iso you will find on 2007 's compact cameras , the quality is only comparable to the big dslr professional cameras . ah , and the face detection is not just a gimmick or marketing appeal.. . it 's really great , specially if someone who does n't know how to focus on the face then recompose the scene is taking pictures of you , with f31fd they will not miss the shot 
software pos 644.txt how can doing taxes get any easier ? this is my fifth year using turbo tax and i think each year gets easier and faster . i love the way my information from the previous year is brought forward and the ability to e-file is just a click away . i ca n't imagine using any other program 
camera neg 382.txt i read other review , and decided to give it a try . as soon as i recieve it in the mail , and opened the box , i realized this was a mistake . cheap quality binocular with " high power " being a selling point . it came in already broken with two eye ruber pieces falling apart . you can see how the cheap glue was being used to put it in place ! it is extremly heavy to hold in hands for more than one minute for nature observation . you will be constantly ajdusting the focus . your fingers bumps with focus bar while you are holding it . indeed strap , case , lense protectors are all cheap crap , and annoying to have it all on~ ! i am taking this back , and buying made in japan " nikon eagle view " 100 times better . you get what you pay for~ ! ! ! ! ! 
health neg 828.txt i thought they might 've improved the hgm 15 model . forget about it . both models are lousy . buy foreign . it might work better 
dvd pos 57.txt i really enjoyed this dvd-and all of the combos were doable with great breakdowns . the instructor actually starts with the left foot , so you can follow her mirror image . i teach dance and will definately use a lot of these moves . and , you will work up a sweat , if you want more just do jumping jacks or run when they march . enjoy 
software neg 883.txt i purchased this item from amazon . the disc had scratches and was unable to either use it or get my money back . these items can not be returned 
music pos 337.txt this album is absolutely fantastic ! paul and the band are incredibly tight and sound great together . paul sounds very loose and like he 's having a lot of fun - not as serious as some live shows i 've heard . the songs focus mostly on his solo records , with some jam and style council mixed in ( all on disc two ) . wisely , only five of the twenty three tracks are from " as is now " and they 're the uptempo ones - it 's not a hard sell by yep roc to make you buy that album if you do n't already have it . the extended jams for " porcelain gods / broken stones , " " in the crowd " and " foot of the mountain " ( one of my favorite solo tracks ) all are focused and do n't wander so they keep your attention . the crowd is energetic and into the show and are very appreciative when the jam and style council classics get into the mix ( although the sing-along to the album closing " town called malice " is pretty lame ) . i have n't listened to the somewhat difficult to find " live wood " concert disc for a while to give a good comparison . however , since " catch-flame " covers all his solo discs instead of only " paul weller " and " wild wood , " this is a more balanced collection . highly recommended ! personal highlights : blink and you 'll miss it up in suze 's room porcelain gods / i walk on gilded splinters in the crowd foot of the mountain that 's entertainment broken stones long hot summer shout to the to 
music pos 123.txt hey bret is one of the most tallented song writers of our time ! he will be in the rock n ' roll hall of fame when he is done and his guitar playin ' and singin ' is very underrated ! buy this 
music neg 440.txt i heard that song recently & quot ; three strange days&quot ; ...and i recalled how much i detested it when it came out . overt pandering to tyros in altered states . now i ca n't get it out of my head , and may require a lobotomy . there was a lot of interesting stuff that came out in ' 91 ; but this was n't part of that canon . nice try school of fish . have fun playing the cyo circuit 
music neg 553.txt i 'm sure glad i did not purchase this cd . back in the 1980 's i had very little knowledge about o'bryan burnnette , but now that i am 22 and appreciate old school music a whole lot more , i know they made several mistakes while releasing this compilation . " soul trains a comin " ( although not a chart hit ) was missing . i would perfer the original version than the 12 inch version used for soul train from seasons 13 - " maria " ( a lackluster lp track from his latest lp , surrender ) should have been replaced with the beautiful " together always " ( from his proper sophmore lp , you & i ) . the horrible and silly " drivin ' force " ( also from surrender ) should have been out ! " lovelite " , " you & i " and " i 'm freaky " lp versions should have been on there instead of the 45 versions because they stood out very well ! ! " is this for real , " right from the start , " and " love has found its way . " were the other great ballads and jams that were non-singles but were gems as well . the absense of " soul trains a comin ' ( original ) " , " together always " , and full versions of " you & i " , " i 'm freaky " , and " lovelite " really knocked off 3 points from best of o'bryan cd and should be made into a redo ! ! for those that wasted thier money on this , " go on and cry " because right stuff records done ripped y'all off ! ! this underated talented artist ( good singer , writer , producer , and instrumentalist ) was trying to be the next prince and michael jackson but he was considered more like a 1980s version of carl thomas ( too soulful for the mainstream ) . people must have bought this cd ( if do not have original lps no more ) because more than half of the tracks are not available on other cds . i admit i love all the songs from the cd ( except for maria and driving force ) , but i will create a new cd under my productions , soul train alumni series along with my own compilations of shalamar , jermaine stewart , pebbles , jody watley and other soul train almumnis . 1. soul trains a comin ' ( original although i love the remix ; loved the keyboard fanfare on the intro ) 2. the gigolo 3. still waters 4. right from the start ( great track and catchy hooks ! ! ) 5. i 'm freaky ( full lp verison , the keyboard solo was missing from the 45 single 4 minute version ) 6. you & i ( full original lp version . loved the closing ) 7. together always ( o showed his true feelings on this 1983 track ) 8. lovelite ( full original lp version - lovelite baby ! ! ) 9. breakin ' together ( good effort and loved the video ! ! ) 10. go on & cry ( good ballad ) 11. lady i love you ( what ever happened to lovin ' your woman and tellin ' her how you feel . this was his best ballad ever and this should school young catz like bobby valentino and r kelly on real love . ) 12. you 're always on my mind ( i 'm glad they included this lp track from 1984 's be my lover on the compilation and would be good for the redo . beautiful ballad that shows a woman on how you feel although she 's seeing someone else ) . 13. tenderoni ( 45 single , i never actually heard of the full lp track before but it was a good pre-new jack single ) 14. is this for real ( great ! ! ! ) 15. you have got to come to me ( beautiful new jack ballad that should have made the charts ) this here is the real best of o'bryan plus more . wish i can add more like " i 'm in love again " , " doin ' alright " , " surrender " " love had found its way " and " shake " but had to pick the best 16 that would fit ! ! - - thank you ! ! 
dvd neg 641.txt just repeat the following several times . 1 ) draggy plot 2 ) uninspired acting , especially allen , who almost sinks it 3 ) unimaginative ( story , direction , etc ) then get a hitchcock film 
health pos 187.txt shaving cream in a tube is just about impossible to buy at retail outlets . this is a great product and i will continue to buy it through amazon 
books neg 160.txt surely i 'm not the only one who found this book totally [bad]. the only thing it made me wonder about is how it 's possible to write such a thorougly boring book about such fascinating women . the writing is just dull and full of the author 's biases and prejudices , which just are n't nearly as interesting as the subjects themselves . it 's written in that old-school feminism ( negative , no fun ) tone that thank god feminism has since moved beyond . my advice : find another book about women mystics not filtered through flinder 's lens 
camera neg 184.txt for average people who want a camera that just works-and takes good pics you should not buy this . i do n't know about the specifics , but like other reviewers mine got stuck and quit working for no reason after a couple of months . so , i do n't really see what all the bells and whistles are for if it does n't even take a picture . it was fine while it worked , it ate batteries but the pics were good 
camera pos 907.txt this camera is easy to use and makes a good quality recording . since it is an upper end product , it does have a longer learning curve than more simple models but the effort is worth it for the added features . there are , however , a few quirks which could have been fixed to make this a much more usable piece of equipment . the provided microphone jack is an 1 / 8 " stereo . in my camera , at least , it is not mounted very securely . when i have an external mike connected , i had to be very careful to make sure that nothing touched it , otherwise , the sound would drop off . a friend with some tools and expertise fixed this problem but it should never have happened . the master switch moves from off to vcr mode ( up one ) , record to tape mode ( down one ) or record to stick mode ( down two ) . it is intuitive but very easy to overshoot the mark . this can be frustrating and i cannot help but believe there is a better design that could be used . the " vcr " controls are located on the top surface of the camera . they are intuitive and employ commonly used symbols . they are also backlit and impossible to discern in sunshine . you can see the symbols but there is no way to tell which , if any , of the functions are selected . it is still usable but it is a pain in the backside . there are a multitude of things that could be done to make the interface on this camera easier to use but it is usable as it is now .
camera pos 756.txt not only is this beauty wide , i have found the lens is very sharp to on my d200 ! it is built solid and focus 's fast , and i do n't have any problem with distortion because i use dxo optics software and it cleans it up automaticly ! buy this lens , it is cheap for what you get 
software pos 878.txt this is a great program if you never owned an older version of family treemaker . the new version is so similar to the older versions it does n't pay to upgrade 
books neg 583.txt as a former student of ms. morris , i will state that she and william morris were quite emphatic about keeping the teachings sacred and authentic as taught by grand master takata . her history is to this day accurate 
music pos 167.txt wow ! there 's sooooo.. . much to like in this album it 's amazing . the music is mostly upbeat & very catchy- -making you want to ( & will if no one 's around ) sing along . the lyrics are fine , meaningful , & personally touching- -about life which is getting faster & faster in the contemporary world , while people are still people with hopes , feelings , needs , desires , & all the rest of what makes people human . the lead singer , jennifer nettles is powerful yet gifted with a sweet voice ( though a bit twangy in style ) . she grabs you quickly for a wild ride- -immersing the listener in the musical story she 's telling . i bought the cd based on hearing baby girl & something more ( on the tv show vegas of all place ) . then i heard sugarland on the cma show- -winning awards as they so deserve . the range & variety of the songs on the album are good too- -from sweet & poignant ballads to wild & spicy soaring . virtually all of the songs are well worth listening to & the majority could become successful singles . yes , the style is their own mixture of influences- -the 3 artists come from different musical backgrounds , which makes their wonderful blending are the more impressive . and , the trio wrote all the songs on the cd- -with hall the primary author ( solo writer on one of them ) . how many trios are there with 2 women & 1 man ? i wonder if they are unique ? well , they are unique even if not in that respect- -how many bands include a mandolin ? . of course , country purists may not be happy with them , but the vast majority of listeners are . this has become one of my favorite albums , at the speed of sound . imho , it 's terrific 
music neg 662.txt being an osmond fan can be very frustrating at times.. . this cd has nothing new to offer . there have been several osmond compilation cds in the past 10 years . what 's so different about this one besides the photograph on the cover ? nothing . i agree with the reviewer who wishes the osmonds would put some of their old albums on cd instead of putting out hit compilation cds all the time . been there . done that . bored to tears 
music neg 823.txt the lady can sing , but her " christian " message is compromised because of her part in " chasing papi " , where she played a woman who - had she had the chance - would have hopped into bed with her on-screen boyfriend prior to marriage . it 's " crystal clear " to me that jaci broke my heart in a million pieces when she played that part . it 's really tragic to see such a beautiful young lady with such a opowerful voice and message now reduced to nothing more than a hypocritical wannabee , much in the same way that stacie orrico is now becoming.....and is it just me , or is it coincidence that these two womens ' album covers look strikingly similar ? it appears their paths in life are similar , too : compromising a message and a stand that once set them worlds apart . as with a recent review of orrico that i made , i 'll give jaci velasquez her due : she can sing , and what i mean by that is sing the roof off of a house ! this album was excellent.....was . now , whenever i think or hear of jaci velasquez , i can only think one word : hypocrite 